## Metadata Templates Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2020/11/17

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Dave Fellinger, Bo Zhou, Jason Coposky, Daniel Moore, Justin James, Ton Smeele (Utrecht), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Deep Patel (NIEHS)

## Minutes

Update/Discussion:

   - Gen3 tour by Mike at NIEHS
     - Provides faceted browse/discovery before taking results to 'workspace'
     - Based on a graph - every element required to be distinct / labeled
     - No concept of 'merging' multiple templates into single set of requirements for entering metadata on a particular item/file
     - Asterisks to mark 'required' elements
     - Storage in cloud/s3/gcp
     - Metadata in postgresql database
     - Looking at providing iRODS as S3 for Gen3 backend
   - Ton looked at a sample from CEDAR
     - But all references appear to all point back to GUIDs in CEDAR
     - Using JSON-LD Schemaâ€¦ that's new, found a python library from CEDAR
   - Ton has a conference call with GoFAIR soon to talk about standards

