## Metadata Templates Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/03/15

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Daniel Moore, Dave Fellinger, Simona Stoica (Groningen), Paul Borgermans (KU Leuven), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Mohammad Shaikh (Bristol Myers Squibb)

## Minutes

Update/Discussion:

 - Goal: Paper for UGM2022, put this group's learnings out in the world
   - Shared document, outline first, work outside of this meeting time
   - Captured minutes into 'outline', now in 'whitepaper' branch
 - KU Leuven
   - Building a portal
   - Looking at a metadata template / schema editor, and using require/optional
   - Mixed mode of collection and data object level
   - And enforcing validation
 - BMS, Dataflow, drug discovery pipeline, from/through many teams
   - Scientists want to have the data local for analysis
     - But no concept of checkin/checkout
   - To manage data as an asset
     - 'Data bundles' - defined by shared metadata / AVUs
   - A system for 'locking' as well as auditing/reporting about activity on a data object
   - Perhaps a new / next working group - "Pipeline/Sharing"
 - administrative/descriptive/datatypes distinction in the templates themselves?
   - Define the magic fairy dust - best practices - examples - domains...
 - Next meeting
   - April 2022

